Ummm, i don't know how to start this letter.
how's ur day? seems like u're struggling a lot lately.
maybe i don't know that much about you, but i hope that u can go easy on ur self.
well, actually i wanna tell u something about that night when we have a convo at my room.
still remember how u talk to me that night? the way u said everything to me.
at that point, aku dapet gambaran jauh masuk ke matamu.
ada anak kecil yang duduk meringkuk menangis sendirian di tengah kehampaan yang disorot lampu panggung.
kurasa yang kulihat kali ini bukan sekedar matamu, namun jauh kedalam hati kecilmu.
Kurasa aku ga pantes buat menafsirkan apa yang kulihat saat itu.
I don't know if it's true or not, but i feel so bad after seing that.
If u wanna know, u're one of my role model since i was 10th grader.
it's been a long time huh? All i see was just ur shining light.
tapi bak kata pepatah, "The brighter the light, the darker the shadow".
semakin kesini kulihat semua "cahaya" yang kamu bisa achieve itu dibayar dengan harga yang mahal.
there's a lot of thing that i feel that i can't describe it with words after seeing all what u do.
perjalananmu ga mulus, jalan hidupmu penuh dengan "kegilaan".
Kurasa ga semua orang bisa hidup jadi dirimu. u're one of a kind person that i know.
so, i hope u're not going to hard to ur self after this.

"Semua orang bakalan mati juga kok" Satu kalimat yang selalu kuingat dari mulutmu.
it's a fact tho, but at least make ur one chance of life to be ur best one.
sebangsat dan sebajingan apapun dunia ini menyakitimu, respect ur own life.
sometimes i just felt ironic when i see u cry from everything. people just easily call u a big crybaby.
but i guess i know what is on ur mind, it's all suddenly collapsing and floating around right? overwhelming in an instance.
tired? sad? overwhelmed? but u did a great job so far.
that pukpuk before i sleep that night, i hope i can do it to u too.
hidup memang berat, banyak yang datang dan hilang tiba-tiba tanpa kita siap menghadapinya.
but i just wanna let u to know, if it's going to hard to do u don't need to burry it alone. u know my number aight?
Charlie puth once said "I'm Only one call away". not try to be something, but i just wanna let u to know that u're not alone.
let me lend my hand to that kids on the void.

So sorry yak kalo bahasaku campur aduk hehehe
once again
Happy Birthdayy Abelll
Tetet jadi abel yang gw kenal yak awokawkkwk
Live ur life respectfully yaa

Temenlu yang paling aneh